If people don't deserve it, do you deserve it?
The former first family of Yandu disappeared 8 years ago
Haven't you woken up from the dream of the first son of Yandu?
Sister, this slap makes you sober
That's right, this is the job of the bottom trash
Thank you Liu Shao for your kindness
Money is hard to earn, shit is hard to eat
Want to make money?
Not so easy
Get naked tonight and serve me well
Ahahahaha
Hey son brother
You are fucking courting death
You also think
We only deserve to kneel on the ground and be bullied
It was you who insulted Liu Shao first
Is there anyone else to blame?
Okay, congratulations on successfully provoking
Suzaku, come and clean up your mess
Hahaha, you don't mean to say
Did you just call the Suzaku God of War?
Yes, this is my last chance to give you
Kneel down and apologize to my sister before Suzaku comes
You a broken sweeper
I dare to say that I know the Suzaku God of War
We are dying of laughter, hahahaha.
It seems that my Suzaku God of War is really famous
What kind of cat and dog want to come and rub it?
Li Xuan, what are you doing?
Apologize well, okay?
I want to apologize now, it's useless
I'll tell you what.
I'll call someone to beat him to death now
Even if you strip naked
Kneeling on the ground for three days and three nights
I didn't use the Suzaku God of War knife either.